# CRUD Quiz

Use the solution to this afternoon's Property Tracker lab to answer the following questions. Please write your answers under each question, push the file to GitHub, and submit in the usual way.

## MVP Questions

In our Property Tracker application:

Q1. Where are we instantiating instances of the `Property` class?

console.rb

Q2. Where are we defining the SQL that enables us to save the ruby `Property` object into the database?

properties.sql

Q3. In `console.rb`, which lines modify the database?

Property.delete_all()
property1.save()
property2.save()
property3.save()
property1.delete()

Q4. Why do we not define the id of a `Property` object at the point we instantiate it (‘new it up’)?

we want the database to create it

Q5. Where and how do we assign the id (that is generated by the database) to the ruby `Property` object?

in property.rb, using save() method

Q6. Why do we put a guard (an `if` clause) on the `@id` attribute in the constructor?

We only want @id to be created when it's required

Q7. Why are some of the CRUD actions represented by instance methods, and others by class methods?

class methods have broader scope, can be called on class rather than instance of class

Q8. What type of data structure is returned by calls to `db.exec_prepared()`? In the `save` method, how do we access the id from the returned data structure?

array
db.exec_prepared("save", values)[0]["id"].to_i

Q9. Why do we use prepared statements when performing database operations?

to protect from injection of unwanted statements into database

## Extension Questions

Look at the `find_by_id` and `find_by_address` methods in the `Property` class.

Q10. What do they take in as their arguments?

id/address

Q11. What are their return values?

found_property hash
